hey guys I welcome to comic book club
I'm Justin I am Pierre coming at you
from the offices of Newsarama news a
robot room this is the lunch room that's
a sort of our office where the cooks
here we also review comics we're putting
up the footage on news Rama com from
c2e2 so continue to check that out tons
of great interviews also we're putting
them on our site as well Oh are we thank
you are you can actually get around
doing the okay not the time for that we
have three comics to talk about with you
guys today Jimmy Olsen one shot number
one Cyclops was my job I know we'll do
it with a cyclops one shot number one
and Detective Comics number 8 75 let's
kick it off with Jimmy Jimmy Olsen
written my Scott Snyder I would like to
point out that this is uh this week is
all Justin picks oh that's sort of an
interesting one say that so Jimmy Olsen
one shot nick spencer RB silva this
comic is so good these Ranas backups in
the superman books for a little while
and that's so good i love this the
writing is so smart the arts fantastic
Jimmy Olsen just comes alive as was my
favorite book of the week I couldn't get
enough of it definitely go pick this up
just gets into the character it's smart
stories little short bits but they all
link together to form one big story
Jimmy's fallen in love oh this buddy did
they drink ours here's my spoiler by the
way I break up at the beginning miss
dougherty well yeah its a spoiler for
the beginning for the first page yeah
anyways um so here's the problem i have
with this when you take a character that
you that maybe isn't a good character to
some people or not an enjoyable
character and that have a whole book
about them the writing's got to be
amazing you really got to try to bring
something new to this character I don't
like Jimmy Olsen I've never liked Jimmy
Olsen he's always just kind of been an
annoying guy in the background to me and
this comic didn't win me over nick
spencer is amazing writer and i love the
artwork but I just uh you know and I
don't care about Jimmy you know I don't
care about what he daydreams about or
whether or not he gets a girl I just
never been a big fan of his and I tried
to go into this book and be like okay
this is going to be the
no clear heart open your own amazing
I've always considered you the Jimmy
Olsen of comic book so that's a I guess
it's sort of funny that you don't like
it somewhat let's move on anyway that's
a double pick up I was going to talk
about Cyclops one shot written by mr.
black here let's figure out his first
thing you have just taken time I would
just like to start by saying the art in
this comic is awesome Lea black Dean has
feel an art fantastic i really would
just like to it's got a fun kind of cool
cartoony feel to it that it just makes
me think of the old x-men cartoons i
like so much yeah this really this is
such a great a little one-shot that
takes you back to more innocent time the
x-men it's a great Cyclops focus and
suck up gets a hard time everyone's like
he's just a boy scout I hate him yeah
often it's with this guy says ah this is
great you sort of get with a character
the arts really good it's super fun this
is a very fun comic circus of crime eyes
busting around like Archie and his
friends in a jalopy around town Cyclops
gets a valence top for slurpees it's
adorable villains who didn't drinking
slurpees what oh what a world thank you
ever they want they don't care about 30
uh so yeah this yeah I don't like
Cyclops as the character ah but I did
have a lot of fun with this comic and
and it was funny because right up front
they were like just dealing with the
fact that he's just you know he's the
square he's a guy doesn't any fun he's
serious all the time and I thought I mad
at myself to Cyclops now you are
ridiculous um so yeah I thought that was
just what a great way to come at it
completely getting me on board for this
fun little adventure I still don't like
psych ops but this was a good read wow
if you're sort of been down the x-men
lightly like the dark sort of Clarice
moment to with just like these taken a
beach does like to hang out if your bed
down the x-men on that sort of the dark
path they've been on this is a great fun
storyline if you want to get back to the
x-men you know and love from your youth
moving on the psychic detective comics
enrage w5 good lord Scott Snyder is my
god still like this guy or what easily
the best Batman comic Batman isn't even
in this he is
yeah I don't know I know like just right
at the very end it's just James Gordon
he narrates the whole thing he's solving
a crime that an older crime that sort of
backed him throughout his career and
dealing with his son who's sort of a
psychopath the the way this story stole
is just it's driving me nuts it is so
good it's making me angry like just the
fact of dealing with a gordon son is he
bad is he good is he just misunderstood
it's so good it's driving crazy this
issue and the one before this amazing
and the art by francesco francavilla is
great great it reminds building the
tension making it so it reminds me of
this energy that was on Batwoman stuff
in detective comics when JH williams
it's just so good and it's and we
actually talked to Scott at c2e2 and he
talks if you go check out the video he
talks a lot about working with the
artists and going panel by panel to
build that tension which they do so
perfectly here such an amazing story and
so much drama because I'm one of these
people I love action I love fighting and
when I don't get that I get upset I'm
not missing it here it's such an amazing
story if you like any of the crime stuff
going on like every Baker's been doing
this is great like incognito if you
found out right now this is just a check
out to tech definitely check this out
best Batman double pick up don't pick up
you guys we're friends I've always
consider Alex to be sort of the insane
murdering child psychopath of comic book
club it's great to see him and play here
hey guys come down to our show in New
York that's who's this Tuesday's
people's Improv Theater so new location
it's free and there's a bar there we're
day we have a ton of great guests coming
up and if you're wondering about why
videos have been posted is disguise phul
that's what he still loves you that's
highly incorrect I do all the work Pete
just sends me emails that are obnoxious
there's a little pink inside see you
later guys